are you serious are you serious another
cricket apocalypse whoa Steven of
Oklahoma sent this to me I'm in Germany
I'm trying to relax but there's crickets
everywhere and this time it's not
Oklahoma but it's it's not Kansas
anymore it's Wichita Kansas that's right
residents in Wichita Kansas are puzzled
today at the discovery of thousands of
crickets lining the downtown streets
according to kWCH channel 12 gem grade
reports on the bizarre happening and
what's behind it it's insane so we
started to look I said Heidi what is
going on with the crickets we begin to
realize there's some things taking place
first of all the economic snapshot of
Wichita Kansas well Wichita takes its
biggest plunge on economic index in the
past year Wichita's fall in 72 places on
ranking based on its numbers of economic
index why because of the economy
crashing this report came out in the
widget on business journal on August of
27th 2013 just less than a month ago
also president barack obama just spoke
yesterday and said that if the debt
ceiling situation debacle is not fixed
soon there could be a massive economic
collapse in the month of october for
america now we go to the Bible you say
why are you talking about crickets and
economy because the Bible actually
refers to it in the Word of God that
crickets can be a sign of locust or
cadence when it looks as if the economy
is about to cook collapse and it devours
the land let me show you what it says
in Deuteronomy chapter 28 verse 40 the
Bible says thou shalt have olive trees
throughout all thy coast but thou shalt
not anoint thy self with the oil for thy
Allah shall cast his fruit thou shalt
beget sons and daughters but thou shalt
not enjoy them for they shall go into
captivity and all by trees and fruit of
thy land shall the locusts consume the
stranger that is within shall the
stranger who lives among you in your
nation well they should get up above the
very high and thou shalt come down very
low he shall into thee and thou shalt
not win to him he shall be the head and
thou shalt be the tail the locusts that
is sin among us will consume us overtake
us look at verse 45 pull over all these
curses shall come upon thee and thou
shalt pursue thee and shall overtake
thee to they'll be destroyed because
thou Harkin is not under the voice of
the Lord thy God to keep his
commandments and his statues and which
he has commanded thee speaking up ahead
about low cas's and how they can consume
also if you go into the Book of Psalms
chapter 48 for a moment here's what
David wrote as it relates to locust or
the blast or consuming by essence in
Psalms 40 as excuse me in Psalm 78 verse
41 yay they turn back and tempted God
they limited the Holy One of Israel they
remembered not his hand or the day when
he delivered them from their enemies
speaking about the children Israel when
they exited Egypt how he had wrought his
signs in Egypt and
wonders in the field of zon and he had
turned the rivers in the blood and the
floods that they should not drink he
sent divers sorts of flies among them
which devoured them and frogs which
devoured them and destroy them he gave
also the increase under the caterpillars
and of the labor to the locusts or the
crickets what he destroyed their vines
with hail and the sycamore trees with
frost he gave up their cattle under the
hail and their flocks to the hot
Thunderbolts he cast upon them the
fierceness of his anger his wrath his
indignation and troubled by sending evil
angels among them what are you serious
so what's going on with America we've
got all kinds of trees we've got all
kinds of fields of fruit but we can't
enjoy it we have to eat the GMO while
the rest of the world I'm telling you I
Billy Israel I've been to Jamaica and
I'm in Germany right now in all three of
those nations the people eat healthy
organic food but in America the land of
plenty we eat the junk the garbage the
GMOs it's the agenda 21 it's the New
World Order it's the one world
government it's rising up against us in
the last days because we offer seikon
the Word of God I'll be right back
Obama's prophesying economic collapse we
have shootings going on in Washington we
have floods in Colorado hurricanes
hitting a new mexico and in mexico we've
got chaos in the land are you saved are
you saved are you saved